Add standard for KaaS networking requirements (#789)
SovereignCloudStack/standards: Standards/scs-0219-w1-kaas-networking.md

---
title: "KaaS Networking Standard: Implementation Notes"
type: Supplement
track: KaaS
status: Draft
supplements:
  - scs-0219-v1-kaas-networking.md
---
## List of compliant CNI Plugins

> The Kubernetes Network Policy SIG maintains a [list of work-in-progress implementations](https://network-policy-api.sigs.k8s.io/implementations/) of the AdminNetworkPolicy and BaselineAdminNetworkPolicy resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kubernetes Network Policy working group maintains a [list of work-in-progress implementations](https://network-policy-api.sigs.k8s.io/implementations/) of the AdminNetworkPolicy and BaselineAdminNetworkPolicy resources.
```

> Besides their own validation implementation of [kube-network-policies](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kube-network-policies), at the time of writing they list the following CNI plugins:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Besides their own proof-of-concept implementation of [kube-network-policies](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kube-network-policies), at the time of writing they list the following CNI plugins:
```
